Wow I'm Molly Martin and welcome to the
BBC earth youtube channel the home of
the best and most or inspiring moments
from your favorite BBC earth wildlife
series from Planet Earth
the planet dinosaur life story - big cat
Diaries the earth YouTube channel we
dive into the archives and bring you
three amazing wildlife tips every single
week dramatic very exclusive nature
doesn't get better than this
if you love animals and science you
check out our two sister channels BBC
earth unplug and earth lab here on earth
um clubs will be making amazing original
videos that show you the natural world
in ways you've never seen before
and will be taking me kind of theme to
some of your favourite Earth series well
on earth lab we are going to be
answering your curious questions giving
you loads of great archive and sometimes
interesting experiments don't forget to
subscribe to her earth unplugged and
earth labs to get the whole story and
don't forget to click on the bell icon
to make sure you get notifications of
new videos we will
you